---
layout: post
title: "Hire Alice Goldfuss"
description: "I'm officially back on the job market."
tags: [job hunt, remote work, hire me]
modified: 2020-04-07
categories: 
---

**Update: I am happily employed! I'm leaving this post up as a template for others.**

I’m **Alice Goldfuss**, a Senior SRE/Infra/Systems engineer with years of experience working on high-throughput platforms at scale. I’ve been part of the larger tech community since 2015, and have driven industry-wide conversations around infrastructure design, incident response, on-call rotations, and team workflows. I’m a big believer in building tech that serves real user needs without burning out the engineers creating it.

<!-- more -->

My specialties are **containers**, **edge engineering**, **performance tuning**, and **systems programming**. I’m great at taking existing platforms and scaling them up to be more reliable, secure, and performant. I love digging into kernel crashes and obscure network bugs. If you’re looking for someone to dive into odd infra behavior and write a detailed report of findings and recommendations, I’m your engineer.

### And I’m on the market!

If you’re looking for experienced talent to grow your large platform, I’d love to chat. I have a link at the end of this post to schedule a time, but first let me outline some requirements:

**Location:** Remote or in Portland, OR (remote preferred)  
**Employment type:** Full-time employee  
**Organization:** Engineering  

Some topics I’ll want to discuss with you:

* What is the mission of this team?
* Where do you think I can do the most good?
* What problems will this team be tackling over the next 6 months?
* Am I replacing someone on the team or is the team growing?
* What is this team most proud of?
* What are the on-call responsibilities of this team?
* What is the makeup of this team? Will I be the only woman?
* Are there any women in my reporting chain?
* What is your interview process like?
* What is your hiring timeline for this position?

I have been on sabbatical learning new skills and reading good books. I’m looking for the right position and eager to explore opportunities.

If you think we’re a match, please [schedule some time on my calendar](https://calendly.com/alicegoldfuss){:target="_blank"} to talk! 


